Поправки насчет того что обсуждали сегодня в чате (#4)
thewulf7/jsmelide: zakon_en.md

---
layout: default
---

## Legal analysis of the amendments

[CZ](./zakon.html) | [EN](./zakon_en.html) | [RU](./zakon_ru.html)

* * *

> The Parliament of the Czech Republic is considering a bill amending Act No. 65/2022 Coll. “On Certain Measures in Connection with the Armed Conflict on the Territory of Ukraine Caused by the Invasion of the Russian Federation”. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Parliament of the Czech Republic is considering a bill amending Act No. 65/2022 Coll. “On Certain Measures in Connection with the Armed Conflict on the Territory of Ukraine Caused by the Invasion of the Russian Federation troops”. 
```

> The said draft law in the part of § 7x, § 7y, Přechodné ustanovení does not meet the criteria of legality, European and international human rights standards and represents a sample of poor legal technique, which is confirmed by the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The said draft law in the part of § 7x, § 7y, Transitional Provisions does not meet the criteria of legality, European and international human rights standards and represents a sample of poor legal technique, which is confirmed by the following:
```
